I just want to say thank you for this. I feel really lucky to have been given this knowledge and it makes me so happy to see truly knowledgeable talented and hardworking individuals be so generous with the information they undoubtedly invested years and  so much hard work to be able to get to the level of understanding they have so as to even be able to speak with such a competent grasp. Again HUGE thank you to you. You are amazing kind sir.
That was like 5 in person class periods reduced to an hour. No distractions. Sit down, don't ask questions, just listen. Sweet. Nice job.
Thanks! I learned so much from this video, grateful for all the quality content that you've put out. Hope 2022 will be a good coding year :)
Man. The way you cover each topic is like no other - thank you for this. This is holy work
Thanks for a wonderful class, very detailed and clear instructions and I learned a lot.
Awesome videos. I have literally watched like everything on this channel, I learn something new every time from your videos. I wish more professors taught like this! 
Thank you for this information and video. YouTube API seem to still be changing and fringe, so finding good quality tutorials like this online for free is hard to come by, and I appreciate the info. 
Thank you so much. Great video. :)
Your content is so unbelievably good! Thank you so much for all that you've taught me.
You speak so clearly, describe concepts so well, demonstrate with perfection, you're incredible!
As a Python beginner - but not a beginner in programming - this video was great! Awesome explanation, thank you!
The work you do is priceless. Thank you so much, Prof Fudge! You are really wonderful teacher, who keeps to inspire me and others to move toward being a better developers.
Thank you for everything you do, Fudge. Once again, I've learned an absurd amount of information in less than an hour.
Learned a bunch!  Thanks!
Looks simple but could give a lot of headaches. Thanks for the video.
You are excellent teacher Michael. Many thanks for crisp and clear information with apt words.
I love your videos...please keep them coming they are very helpful
I love how well Python classes are explained in this video, thank you! My current challenge is that the data I have is in the form of a list of dictionaries and I would like to pass them onto a class.
Not all heros wear capes. Fudge you are the man!
2022 and this is one of the best videos I have ever seen someone teaching Python. I wish there were videos of data structures and algorithms in python taught by you sir.
I'm a begginer in python, this was very useful to me, thank you.
These guides are absolutely amazing, thank you!
Thank you for this video.  it's crystal clear.   When a true expert teaches a subject, it stands head and shoulders above the rest!
This is literally the best python tutorial ever on Youtube. Thank you!!!
Whoa... That was so clear I thought I was gonna have a lot of difficulty understanding this BC I've tried in the past but wow you explained it so well.
simple, short, and to the point explanation. especially "self". Thank you!!!!
excellent, well spoken, great pacing and explanations. I'll be watching the rest of the series I believe.
it really makes a difference who teaches you.....it was wtf wtf wtf....then watch these videos...oh ya that's logical. you are an awesome teacher....please keep the videos coming.
This is so good that I'm starting to doubt whether all his 'mistakes' are secretly ways to make us learn faster :P
I have NOTHING BUT PRAISES for your style, clarity, and to the point explanation of VERY IMPORTANT concepts .... I cannot thank you enough Fudge .. I will gladly contribute to your classes and start filling all the "gaps" of knowledge I need to ..  You have a devoted student now :)
I regularly come back to these videos to remind myself of the basics of python. You're doing us all a huge service!
Thank you so much for making these videos. I have watched multiple tutorials and taken multiple course sera classes and your explanations are by far the best. Very clear and concise with perfect examples.
There a lot of professional programmers, but not all are good teachers. You are a great teacher too! So easy to follow up!!! Thanks a lot!!!
I love all your Python courses!!! You are the best!!! I feel so lucky to know you on Youtube and you get many of my Python issues clear. THANK YOU!!!
ive been learning python for quite a bit now, and even took a short course on it but wow dude I learned so much from just this video. All of these functions are awesome!!
You are an amazing instructor I've never seen any person as good as you explaining Python!
This is hands down the best python tutorial for beginners available on YouTube. To the point explanation,clean,pleasant voice. Keep up the good work!
I've searched the youtube thick and thin for python tutorials for a week by now. These are the best ones indeed. Thank you my Great Guru.
This is the  best tutorial that I have watched in Youtube. you explained so amazing  and made me   to understand easily.
Even though I am good at python, I watch your videos, because I get to know something new every time. Thank YOU!!!!!
This is a gold mine. Clear, concise, and no fluff. Looking forward to the rest of the series.
Most Comprehensive and thoroughly explained Python series on youtube!!! Thank you so much!!
Man, the skills you have explaining & sharing your knowledge, are simply amazing. I wish all my professors were as you are.
As someone who had no idea what python was before starting, these videos have really helped me to understand. Great teaching. Thank you!
Everytime, I watch your video, I learn new things and it increases my confidence. The way you teach is really effective.You are a great tutor.
I honestly cant thank you enough the way you simplify and explain everything. God bless man really needed this
Sir, you are awesome! Thank you for your time and expertise.
The best teacher ever! No one can be compared to Fudge!
Thank you so much!!!!
OMG This makes so much more sense now. Thank you!
